how's my man
oh what no play huh
i really hope you're happy there
i'm missing you
a bit a lot
i'm working on something to bring you
back
they've never managed to connect a
computer to the archive before
i waited a long time and then i saw
something
it was you
we had a visit from the archive company
the subject is elmo julie alice
term time so far two years eight months
four days
she's not ready to go yet of course they
think your robots might be based around
their technology
we are obliged to act with force if
necessary
you made another like me i'm not
replacing you
but you did what was she it
she was perfect i want to go home
this is home
jones can you hear me
do not let her outside under any
circumstances you don't want to be
trapped in a box
dead she's gone have to try and get her
back
i am shutting you down immediately what
do they want
they want you
why am i here yes
because it's my military duty
only 0.5 of the population survived
for every one survivor there are a
thousand dead
for centuries you believed in someone
you'd never seen
millions just like me will be here soon
[Music]
they will all want the same thing
you'll do what you were created for
[Music]
as we all know something happened 24
days ago
and all contact was lost with most of
the world
everything outside of this circle is in
complete darkness as of now
[Music]
we'll make anyone still alive in the
quarantine zone attack us
they're 160 million of them people
not really
contact with command is lost and we're
everybody's last hope
do you think they're going to take
[Music]
moscow
the war has begun
[Music]
yulia can you tell me why you decided to
help the alien
at what point did you start having
feelings for him
do i have to answer they're back again
you you're in danger
[Music]
you all went too far in your research we
have to get out of here
you can come back
[Music]
but she must be eliminated so this is a
cyber attack but not from this planet
you know i don't belong here dad
everything's gonna be fine
i don't even have a passport are we
gonna cross the border we'll have to
cook up a corruption scam
no more cell phones no more digital
technology
[Music]
help me
how many days does it take to open your
eyes
how much time has to pass to feel as if
you've forgotten who you are
the shifting between you and who you
used to be is perpetual
fluid-like in nature
pleasures and distastes only fade with
time
melting into the surreal persona of who
you think you are
instead of who you actually are
the boundaries of my world are endless
a fluid form constantly evolving
changing to its environment
i am fear i am panic
i am delusion
[Music]
she looks at me like she doesn't even
know who i am you refuse to take part in
the dream you wake up
just leave it alone a cold sweat
that chill a reminder that what you just
lived isn't real
[Music]
there's no
you ready i can't wake up as ready as i
can be
or whatever this is maybe this isn't a
dream
[Applause]
my mother died when i was seven years
old from a car accident
i saw it two months before it happened
jimmy in the flesh so how's life
it's day to day you know
i'm james angela i got a proposition for
you
i need you to do that thing you do in
that head of yours i need you to find
safe passage please
i saw my death i warned you tonight i
had no choice i needed the word
of course you had a choice it's not what
i saw
how long have you been like this it was
more of an affliction sadly
you make it sound like a disease
what about him saying that he saw the
hand off how many things are in that
guy's head
he knows what he saw we're not safe here
we
thought you said you saw this workout i
did and what happened i don't know
right now you've got to do everything in
your power to change this you've got to
leave now
[Music]
what's happening you're beginning to
fragment you
maybe it's time you learned the truth
about your condition
so
[Music]
mirror
come is
dawson baby
you